README.md, before:

CodeIgniter Template Library
============================

A Template library for [CodeIgniter] [4], by [Alexander Baldwin] [1] and
licensed under your choice of either the [MIT] [2] or [GPL] [3] open source
licenses.

It enables you to organise multiple views from multiple themes into complex,
nested sections and provide each one of those with seperate data, choosing
whether to allow that data to propagate to child sections. These sections can be
grouped, iterated and linked, with automatic embedding within one another to
create a fully functioning, yet modular, page.

To read more about this library, please refer to the [online copy of the user guide] [5].

Enjoy!

[1]: http://github.com/mynameiszanders "Alexander Baldwin on GitHub"
[2]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "Massachusetts Institute of Technology License on the Open Source Initiative"
[3]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html "General Public License"
[4]: http://codeigniter.com/ "CodeIgniter open source Web Application Framework"
[5]: http://mynameiszanders.github.com/ci-template/ "Online version of CI Template's User Guide"

Commit message:

Replaced description paragraph with a copy of the introductary paragraph from the docs.

README.md, after:

CodeIgniter Template Library
============================

A Template library for [CodeIgniter] [4], by [Alexander Baldwin] [1] and
licensed under your choice of either the [MIT] [2] or [GPL] [3] open source
licenses.

The CodeIgniter Template library enables you to organise multiple views
into complex, nested sections providing each one with seperate data sets,
controlling data propagation. These sections can be grouped, iterated and
linked with automatic embedding to create a fully functioning, yet modular,
page.

To read more about this library, please refer to the [online copy of the user guide] [5].

Enjoy!

[1]: http://github.com/mynameiszanders "Alexander Baldwin on GitHub"
[2]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "Massachusetts Institute of Technology License on the Open Source Initiative"
[3]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html "General Public License"
[4]: http://codeigniter.com/ "CodeIgniter open source Web Application Framework"
[5]: http://mynameiszanders.github.com/ci-template/ "Online version of CI Template's User Guide"
